John had been dating Jill for a few months and things were going great. They had met through a mutual friend and hit it off immediately. They were both book nerds and loved spending time together. However, Jill had a secret. She had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder a few years ago and had been managing her condition with medication and therapy. She had never told John about her diagnosis because she was afraid that he would think she was crazy. One day, John came home from work to find Jill in the kitchen, sobbing uncontrollably. He had never seen her like this and didn't know what to do. He tried to console her and asked her what was wrong, but she just shook her head and refused to speak. John was starting to get worried. The next day, John came home and found Jill in the same state. She was still sobbing and refused to speak to him. John was really starting to worry now. He didn't know what to do or how to help her. The situation continued for a few more days. John would come home from work to find Jill in the kitchen, crying. She would not speak to him or tell him what was wrong. He was starting to feel helpless and didn't know how to fix the situation. Finally, after a week of this, John had had enough. He sat Jill down and demanded that she tell him what was wrong. She hesitated at first, but then finally relented. Jill explained to John that she had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder a few years ago and had been managing her condition with medication and therapy. She told him that she was sorry for not telling him earlier, but she was afraid that he would think she was crazy. John was relieved that he finally knew what was wrong. He told Jill that he didn't think she was crazy and that he would do whatever he could to help her. The two of them talked for a long time about her diagnosis and how it affected her. They made a plan to get her some help and to make sure that she was taking her medication. The situation was resolved, but it left John feeling shaken. He had never seen Jill like that and it was a lot to deal with. He was glad that he could help her, but he was also worried about the future.